wait about 35 million visitors a year a
Time Square billboard is perfect for a
maximum advertising marriage but would
be governor senator or even president
Manny Pacquiao's exposure there is
getting mixed reactions Don takala tells
us why manny pacquiao's fight billboards
have often been seen in the middle of
the sea of billboards and gigantic
widescreen TVs in Times Square but none
of them became as controversial as his
latest billboard on Hannah see the ads s
fighting the fights that really matters
that's my wild rabbit Pacquiao says it's
not about Tennessee it's more of an
inspiring ad on how to follow your
dreams and be successful but Filipinos
in the East Coast have seen the ad had
mixed reactions gonna be an alcohol add
nothing the best role model
everyone in the club tonight oh man
Athena he's a changed man I'm no longer
mañana por tanto trabajo advertisement
lambda minus on so well it's just an
advertisement and the thief does he's a
changed man he's probably not drinking
that thing that liquor so the momofuku
ssam haha so as long as in his personal
life in a practicing in a pagar el
anissa Bibles and I think that's suppose
that's what matters the ad came out just
weeks after Pacquiao confess on national
TV that he is a changed man he's that
he's done with gambling women and
alcohol yelling you Aladdin darling you
i'll add you have more money of yo you
there are more temptations right I don't
know depends on the guy that's the one
thing about celebrities is if they if
they if they're going to change it
should be more in there acta mean it's
in their actions they don't have to be
walking around with a Bible to reflect
that they are a changed person critics
believe Pacquiao's presidential ambition
could be the real motive for his new
clean lifestyle one reason why his
decision to endorse alcohol is being
seen as questionable danta gala abs-cbn
News New York